Updates to improve tutorial usage experience (#141)
awslabs/crossplane-on-eks: examples/upbound-aws-provider/composite-resources/serverless-examples/sqs-lambda-s3/README.md

# Example to deploy serverless architecture
This example deploys the architecture depicted on the diagram. First, it applies the Crossplane Composite Resource Definitions (XRDs) and Compositions. Then it applies the Claim which creates all the AWS resources, and deploys the code to the Lambda function. Last, it sends a message to the SQS Queue, that triggers the Lambda function, which posts the results in the S3 bucket.
![Serverless diagram](../../../diagrams/sqs-lambda-s3.png)

> ## Context

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Before you continue
```

> For users new to Crossplane, we recommend first completing this tutorial: https://docs.crossplane.io/master/getting-started/provider-aws/ in order to grasp the fundamentals of Crossplane. This tutorial will describe how to authenticate a local Kubernetes cluster to AWS and create a Managed Resource in AWS directly from your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For users new to Crossplane, we recommend first completing Crossplane's official getting started guide: https://docs.crossplane.io/master/getting-started/provider-aws/ in order to grasp the fundamentals of Crossplane. The getting started guide will describe how to authenticate the Crossplane `aws-provider` to an AWS account and create AWS resources from your cluster.
```

```shell
kubectl delete -k .
```

### Troubleshooting
1. If terraform apply errors out in the middle of executing, try running the command:
```shell
aws eks --region <enter-your-region> update-kubeconfig --name <cluster-name>
```
and executing terraform apply again.

> 1. Make sure you are on the latest AWS CLI version, which should be at least version 2.0. Make sure your AWS credentials are properly configured as well.

Reviewer: Move this to the pre-requisite tf section. Also, for the AWS CLI, say upgrade to the latest version instead of 2.0.
